Project 3 Design Paradigm – Team 13
The design paradigm we chose for Project 3 is an Object-Oriented design. We chose this design because we are using JavaScript as our main language for developing the game where we will have classes that use inheritance for development. As some methods we have made may be used across different classes. We also have a index.HTML this is where the game will be played by the users. The objective of our game is to have a Player VS Player or Player VS AI and both sides will have troops that battle against each other to see who wins. The game board will be displayed with different regions and troops that display their respective icons, as they travel across the map. For our JavaScript classes we have a force class that interacts with a set of troops that are on one region of the map clumped together this makes them a “force” where they will move as one. A terrain class that interacts with the map that allows it to have different types of land structures. A unit class that interacts with each troop, by getting their health depending on what type of troop, this health feature will vary for each specific troop. For example, infantry has a health of 10, helicopter has a health of 100, and armory or tank has a health or 250. In this class this is where we have determined the damage for each troop as well. Also a count of how many different troops that each player may get and positioning of where the troops can be placed. The battle class will take in two lists of units from the unit class. 
